Stark.
He doesn't seem happy.
Hello Hank.
You're supposed to be in Moscow.
I took a detour
through your defense lab.
Tell me that isn't
what I think it is.
It depends if you think it's a
poor attempt to replicate my work.
Even for this group.
that takes nerve.
You were instructed to go to Russia.
May I remind you. Dr. Pym. that
you're a soldier-
I'm a scientist.
Then act like one.
The Pym Particle is the most
revolutionary science ever developed
help us put it to good use.
First you trim me to your errand boy
and now you try to steal my research?
If only you'd protected Janet
with such ferocity. Dr. Pym.
Ah.
Easy. Hank.
You mention my wife again
and I'll show you ferocity.
Don't look at me.
you said it.
I formally tender my resignation.
We don't accept it. Formally.
Hank.
we need you.
The Pym Particle is a miracle. Please.
don't let your past
determine the future.
As long as I am alive.
nobody will ever get that formula.
We shouldn't let him
leave the building.
You've already lied to him.
now you want to go to war with him?
Yes.
Our scientists haven't come
close to replicating his work.
He just kicked your ass full size.
You really want to find out what it's
like when you can't see him coming?
I've known Hank Pym for a
long time. he's no security risk.
Unless we make him one.
You like that?
Come get you some!
You didn't even move.
Nah.
I mean. what if I come in on
the left side. right...
just out here and see this one and-
I'm gonna miss you. Scott.
I'm gonna miss you too. Peachy.
Man. you guys got the weirdest goodbye rituals.
All right. break it up.
Scotty!  What's up. man!
- Damn!
- Hey!
Hey. man.
Hey what's up with your eye?
Oh. well. what do you think. Peachy.
His going-away present.
Oh. yeah. I still got my scar
from a year ago.
- Oh yeah.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You know what?  I'm still the
only one to knock him out.
Well. I definitely didn't.
Thanks for picking me up. brother.
Oh. now. you think I'm gonna
miss my cellmate getting out?
Hey. how's your girl man?
Oh. she left me.
Oh.
Yeah. my mom died too.
And my dad got deported.
But I got the van!
- It's nice!
- Yeah. right?
Thanks for the hook-up too.
I needed a place to stay.
You wait 'til you see this [?].
you're gonna be really happy.
You're gonna be on your
feet in no time. watch.
- I hope so.
- Yeah.
And I gotta introduce you to some people.
some really skilled people.
Not interested.
- Yeah right!
- No I'm serious man.
I'm not going back.
I got a daughter to take care of.
You know that jobs don't come
easy for ex-cons right?
Look man. I got a masters in electrical
engineering. alright?
I'm gonna be fine.
Welcome to Baskin Robbins.
Would you like to try our Mango Fruit Blast?
Uh. no thanks.  Um. I will have...
I'll have a burger please.
Oh. we don't...we don't make that.
Pretzel.  Hot pretzel. like.
mustard...in mustard dip?
It's ice cream.  Baskin Robbins.
I'll just do with whatever's hot & fresh.
Dude.
Can I see you in the back chief?
Pronto.
Sure thing Dale.
Darby. could you just. uh...take care
of this idiot?  Thanks.
Hey Dale.
Come on in.
Pull up some chair.
Three years in San Quentin. huh.
You found out.
Baskin Robbins always finds out.
Look. I'm sorry. alright. but I...
no one would hire me.
Breaking and entering.
Grand larceny.
Look. I'm. I'm sorry. I. y'know. it was...
...I. I don't do it anymore.
I just try to...
Respect.
- I couldn't be happier about it.
- Really?
Yeah. yeah.
Oh. thank you. thank you.
You really stuck it to those
billionaire S.O.B.s...
...and the more I read about what
you did and stuff. I'm like...
"Wow. I know this guy?
I'm in charge of this guy?"
Yeesh!
Well. I'm very happy in this job. and I'm...
- I really just appreciate the opportunities and...
- Yeah. yeah...
Well. you're fired of course.
I can't really keep you on.
Wait. what?
Fired?
Yeah.
Dale. look. it wasn't a violent crime.
I mean. I'm a good worker.
No. it wasn't a violent crime.
It was a cool crime.
I'll tell you what. though. this'd be totally
off the books. off the records. but uh...
If you want to grab you one of those
Mango Fruit Blasts on your way out the door.
I'll just pretend I didn't see it.
Hey Scotty what's up?
I thought you were supposed to be at work?
I was.  I got fired.
Damn!  They find out who you are?
Yeah.
Baskin Robbins always finds out. bro.
Baskin Robbins don't play.
You want some waffles?
Yeah. I'll take a waffle.
Oh.  That's Kurt.  He was in Folsom for 5
five years. he's a wizard on that laptop.
Nice meet you.
Yeah. nice to meet you too.
And who are you?
Dave.
Nice work on the Vista job.
Vista job?  Yes.  No. no.
I have heard of this robbery.
Well. technically. I didn't rob them.
Robbery involves threat.
I hate violence. I burgled them.
I'm a cat burglar.
You mean you're a pussy?
Yeah.
They were overcharging the customers. right?
And it added up to millions.  He blows
the whistle and he gets fired.
And what does he do?  He hacks
into the security system.
and transfers millions back to the people
that they stole it from.
Posts all the bank records online.
And he drove dude's Bentley into a swimming pool.
What are you doing?
- Hmm?
- Oh...I...
Why are you telling my life's
story to these guys?
What do you want?
Okay.
My cousin talked to this guy two weeks ago
about this little. perfect job.
No way.
No no no wait!  This guy.
this guy fits your M.O.
No!
I'm finished man. I'm not
going back to jail.
It's some retired millionaire living
off his golden parachute.
It's a perfect Scott Lang mark.
I don't care. I'm out.
Dr. Pym?
Yes. I'm still alive.
I.D.
Perhaps that will suffice.
Very sorry sir. please come in.
Is that Hank Pym?
Good morning. Hank.
Hope.
Would it kill you to call me dad?
Well. Dr. Cross will be so please that
you could find time to join us today.
More like. thrilled.
And I'm surprised to receive any
kind of invitation from you. Darren.
What's the occasion?
Oh. you'll see.
Won't he Hope?
We're ready for you inside.
Ouch!
I guess some old wounds never heal. huh?
Don't worry. she's in good hands.
You're in for a treat.
Long time no see. Dr. Pym.
How's retirement?
How's your face?
After you.
Now before we start I'd like to
introduce a very special guest.
this company's founder and my mentor.
Dr. Hank Pym.
When I took over this company for Dr. Pym.
I immediately started researching a particle
that could change the distance between atoms
while increasing density and strength.
Why this revolutionary idea remained buried beneath the
dust and cobwebs of Hank's research. I couldn't tell you.
But just imagine.
A soldier the size of an insect.
The ultimate secret weapon.
An "Ant-Man".
Heh heh.
That's what they called you.
Right. Hank?
Silly. I know.  Propaganda.
Tales to astonish!
Trumped up B.S. to scare the U.S.S.R.
Hank. will you tell our guests what you
told me every single time I asked you.
Was the Ant-Man real?
Just a tall tale.
Right.
Because how could anything so
miraculous possibly be real?
Well I was inspired by the legend of the Ant-Man.
And with my breakthrough.
shrinking inorganic material.
I thought. could it be possible to shrink a person?
Could that be done?
Well.
it's not a legend anymore.
Distinguished guests. I am proud to present
the end of warfare as we know it:
the Yellowjacket.
The Yellowjacket is an all-purpose
weapon of war
capable of altering the size of the wearer
for the ultimate combat advantage.
We live in an era in which the weapons
we use to protect ourselves
are undermined by constant surveillance.
It's time to return to a simpler age.
Only when the powers of freedom can once
again operate openly to protect their interests.
an all-purpose peace-keeping vessel. the Yellowjacket
can manage any conflict on the Geo-political landscape.
completely unseen.
Efficient in both preventative
measures and tactical assault.
practical applications include surveillance.
industrial sabotage.
and the elimination of obstructions
on the road to peace.
A single Yellowjacket offers the user unlimited
influence to carry out protective actions
and one day soon. an army of Yellowjackets
will create a sustainable environment
of well-being around the world.
The Yellowjacket.
So it's a suit.
Don't be crude. Frank.
It's not a suit. it's a...
it's a vessel.
What's a matter. you're not impressed?
Oh. I'm impressed.  I'm also concerned.
Imagine what our enemies could do with this tech.
We should have a longer conversation about
that. Frank.  I really value your opinion.
Thank you for coming. Hope?
Thank you very much everybody.
I will escort you out now.  Thank you.
You seem a bit shocked.
Darren.
there's a reason that I buried these secrets.
So you finally admit it.
We could've done this together. Hank.
But you ruined it.
- That's why you're the past and I'm the future.
- Don't do this.
Dr. Cross.
You sell to me first. twenty
percent of your asking price.
I can have the cash here in two weeks.
Deal.
We have to make our move. Hank.
How close is he?
He still can't shrink a live subject.
Just give me the suit. let me
finish this once and for all.
No.
I have Cross's complete trust.
It's too dangerous.
We don't have a choice.
Well. that's not entirely true.
I think I found a guy.
Who?
Daddy!
Peanut!
Oh! Happy birthday!
I'm so sorry I'm late. I didn't know
what time your party started.
It was on the invitation!
He didn't get an invitation!
But he came anyway.
Well. I'm not going to miss my
little girl's birthday party.
- I'm gonna go tell mommy you're here.
- Oh. you don't...
What are you doing here. Lang?
You haven't paid a dime in child support.
You know. right now if I wanted to.
I could arrest you.
Good to see you too. Paxton.
Mommy's so happy you're here.
she choked on her drink.  Ha ha.
Hey. look what I have for you.
Can I open it now?
Of course sweetheart. it's your birthday.
You're my bestest friend!
What is that thing?
He's so ugly!
I love him!
Can I go show my friends?
Yeah. of course sweetheart. go ahead.
You're my bestest friend!
Look. the child support is coming.
All right. it's just hard finding a job
when you have a record.
I'm sure you'll figure it out. but y'know.
I want you out of my house.
- No. wait. it's my daughter's birthday!
- It's my house!
- So what. it's my kid!
- Relax!
You can't just show up here.
You know that. c'mon.
It's a birthday party.
Yeah. I know. but you
can't just show up.
- She's my daughter.
- You don't know the first thing about being a father.
Maggie. I tell you this as a friend.
and as the first love of my life.
your fiance is an ass-hat.
He's not an ass-hat.
Hey. watch your language. okay!
Oh. what language.
I said hat.
Really. Maggie?
That guy?
Come on. you could marry anyone you want.
you have to get engaged to a cop?
At least he's not a crook.
I'm trying. okay?  I've changed. uh...
I'm straight. I had a job. and...
I want to provide.  I've had a lot of time
to think about it. and I love her.
So much.  I've missed so much time and
I want to be a part of her life.
What do I do?
Get an apartment.
Get a job. pay child support.
And then we will talk about
visitation. I promise.
You're her hero. Scott.
Just. be the person that she
already thinks you are.
(musical horn)
I'm sorry you have such deep concerns
about the Yellowjacket. Frank.
Yeah. well uh. unfortunately
we can't just do whatever we want.
Would be nice though. right?
Heh heh heh.
But there are laws.
What laws? Of man?
The laws of nature transcend
the laws of man.
And I've transcended
the laws of nature.
Darren. I don't think you understand-
We still haven't worked out all the bugs.
Goodbye Frank.
You know I've been thinking a lot
about gratitude lately
and today during my morning meditation. an
interesting thought occurred to me and
I think it might apply to you too.
How's that?
Gratitude can be forgiveness.
I spent years carrying around my
anger for Hank Pym.
I devoted my genius to him.
I could've worked anywhere.
I chose my mentor poorly.
You didn't even have a choice.
He never believed in you.
It's a shame what we had to do.
but he forced us to do it. didn't he?
But we shouldn't be angry.
we should be grateful.
Because his failures as a mentor.
as a father.
forced us to spread our wings.
You're a success. Darren.
You deserve everything coming your way.
Ooh!
Stop cheating.
Hey what's up hotshot?
Maybe he didn't hear you.
How was the party?
Tell me about that tip.
Wha?
I wanna know about that tip.
- Oh baby. it's on!
- Hot dog!
It's so on right now!
Calm down. all right. I just need
to know where it came from.
it's gotta be airtight.
Okay.
I was at a wine tasting with my cousin Ernesto
it was mainly reds. and you know
I don't love reds man. y'know. but
there was a rosé that saved the
day. it was delightful.
And. he tells me about this girl
Emily that we used to kick it with.
it was actually the first pair of
boobs that I ever touched.
It's the wrong details.  It's wro-
Has nothing to do with the story.
Go.
So. uh.  He tells me that:
She's working as a housekeeper now. right?
And she's dating this dude Carlos who's
a shot caller from across the bay and
she tells him about the dude that
she's cleaning for. Right?
That he's. like. this big-shot CEO that
is all retired now but he's loaded.
And so. Carlos and Ernesto are
on the same softball team
and the get to talking. right.
And here comes the good part.
Carlos says:
Yo. man. This guy's got a big-ass safe
just sitting in the basement.
Just chillin'.
Of course Ernesto comes to me 'cause
he knows I've got mad thieving skills.
Of course I ask him:
Did Emily tell Carlos to tell you
to get to me what kind of safe it was?
And he says
Naw. dog. All she said is that
it's. like. super legit. and
whatever's in it has gotta be good!
What?
Old man have safe.
And he's gone for a week.
All right.  There's an old man. he's got
a safe. and he's gone for a week.
Let's just work with that.
Y'know what I' sayin'.
Landlines cut. cell signals jammed.
No one will be making
for distress call tonight.
All check.
- Check.
If the job goes bad. you know
I got your back. right?
Don't worry. it's not gonna happen.
I love it when he gets cocky.
Damn!
Alarm is dead.
Nice!
All right. I'm moving through the house.
There's a fingerprint lock on the door.
He's got a what?
Ernesto didn't tell me nothing about that.
Aw. man. are we screwed?
Not necessarily.
I'm in.
No alarms have been triggered.
He's in like the Flynn.
Oh. man.
What is it?
Well they weren't kidding.
This safe is serious.
How serious we talkin'. Scotty?
It's a Carbondale.
It's from 1910.
Made from the same steel
as the Titanic.
Wow.
Can you crack it?
Well. here's the thing.
It doesn't do so well in the cold.
Remember what that iceberg did?
Yeah. man. it killed DiCaprio.
Killed everybody.
Man. not kill the old lady.
She still throw the jewel into the oceans.
What're you doing?
I poured water in the locking mechanism
and froze it with nitrogen.
Ice expands. metal doesn't.
What are you doing now?
Waiting.
Nice.
What is it. cash? Jewels?
There's nothing here.
What'd you say?
It's a suit.
What?
It's an old motorcycle suit.
There's no cash. no jewelry. nothing?
No.
It's a bust.
I'm really sorry. Scotty.
I know you needed a score.
I thought we were using mice?
What's the difference?
Commence experiment 34-C.
organic atomic reduction.
Darren. maybe we should think-
Shrinking organic tissue is the
centerpiece of this technology.
I can't go to the buyers
with half a breakthrough.
Experiment 34-C results...
negative.
Sanitize the workstation.
bring in subject 35-C.
Why would you lock this up?
So weird.
Scott. what's up man?
I wonder...what is this?
The world sure seems different
from down here. doesn't it. Scott?
What? Who...who said that?
Luis! Luis. I'm here!
It's a trial by fire. Scott.
Or in this case.
water.
Guess you're tougher than you thought.
Oh. I don't want to see this.
Luis!
Son of a-!
What the hell?
Not bad for a test drive.
Keep the suit.
I'll be in touch.
No. no. No.
No thank you.
Put it down on the ground!
You are under arrest!
No. I didn't steal anything!
I was returning
something I stole.
You know. you almost had us convinced
that you were going to change your ways.
They were really rooting for you.
It's gonna break their hearts.
You got a visitor.
Who?
Your lawyer.
My lawyer?
I told you I'd be in touch. Scott.
I'm starting to think that you
prefer the inside of a jail cell.
Oh man.
Sit down.
Sir. I'm sorry I stole the suit.
I don't even want to
know why you have it.
Maggie was right about you.
How do you know about-
The way she's trying to keep
you away from Cassie.
The moment things get hard.
you turn right back to crime.
The way I see it. you have a choice.
You can either spend the
rest of your life in prison
or go back to your cell
and await further instructions.
I don't understand.
I don't expect you to.
But you don't have many options right now.
Quite frankly. neither do I.
Why do you think I let you steal
that suit in the first place?
What?
Second chances don't come
around all that much.
So next time you think you might see one
I suggest you take a real close look at it.
You are my bestest friend!
Are you sure you don't
want a different toy?
No. I love this one.
Okay.
Well. get some sleep then.
- Mommy.
- Hm?
Is daddy a bad man?
I heard some grown ups say he's bad.
No.
Daddy just gets confused
sometimes. you know?
Smart choice.
You actually listened for once.
Under the door.
Okay. Where to now?
Hang tight.
What? What?!
Where the hell did he go?
I have no idea. he just vanished.
Set up a five block perimeter. now!
Get back. get back. get back!
Scott. These are my associates.
Huh? You got a camera on an ant?
Yeah. sure. why not?
Where's the car?
No car. we've got wings.
Incoming!
Put your foot on the
central node and not the thorax.
Are you ki- How safe's Th-
Get on the damn ant. Scott.
Why am I on a police car?
Shouldn't I not be on a police car?
So they can give you a lift
past their five block perimeter.
Whoa. All right.
Now. what's the next move?
Hang on tight.
Oh. this is easy.
I'm getting the hang of this.
Yank up to go up.
It's like a horse.
You're throwing 247 off balance.
- Wait. his name is 247?
- He doesn't have a name.
he has a number Scott. do you have
any idea how many ants there are?
Whoa!
Please...maybe it's 248?
No no no no no
vertigo. vertigo!
No. I think it's 247.
- Wait.
- Hang on.
I think I'm getting the hang of this.
I'm controlling 247.
He is not listening to you.
What?
Can I make one little request?
No.
Stop New York City. time out. time out.
Time out.
All right. hold on.
Just. wait. whoa. uh!
What happens if I
throw up in this helmet?
It's my helmet Scott.
Do not throw up.
Just set 'er down. all right?
I'm getting light headed.
Hang on. Scott.
Yeah. I'm getting a little light...
-t's. it's funny...
...hit me. andfarness-
Hello.
Who are you?
Have you been standing there
watching me sleep this whole time?
Yes.
Why?
Because the last time you were
here you stole something.
Oh. Oh!
Hey. look.
Whoa!
Paraponera clavata.
Giant tropical bullet ants ranked
highest on the Schmidt pain index.
they're here to keep an eye
on you when I can't.
Dr. Pym's waiting for you downstairs.
Who?
Ahhh...hey. um.
whose pajamas are these?
How am I supposed to do this?
Hey. j- just one step at a time.
Ugh.
You don't bite me.
I don't step on you. deal?
Take down the servers and
Cross wouldn't even know.
We don't need this guy.
I assume that you've already
met my daughter Hope.
I did.
She's great.
She doesn't think that we need you.
We don't. We can do this ourselves.
I go to all this effort to let you
steal my suit. and then Hope
has you arrested.
Okay. we can try this and
when he fails I'll do it myself.
She's a little bit anxious.
It has to do with this job.
which. judging by the fact that
you're sitting opposite me.
I take it that you're interested in.
What job?
Would you like some tea?
Uh. sure.
I was very impressed with how you
managed to get past my security system.
Freezing that metal was particularly clever.
Were you watching me?
Scott. I've been watching you for a while.
ever since you robbed Vista Corp.
Oh. excuse me. burgled Vista Corp.
Vista's security system is one of the most
advanced in the business.
It's supposed to be unbeatable
but you beat it.
Would you like some sugar?
Yeah. thanks.
You know what. I'm okay.
How do you make them do that?
Ants can lift objects
fifty times their weight.
They build. farm. they
cooperate with each other.
Right. But how do you
make them do that?
I use electromagnetic waves. to
stimulate their olfactory nerve center.
I speak to them.
I can go anywhere. hear
anything. and see everything.
And still know absolutely nothing.
I'm late to meet Cross.
Uh...Dr. Pym?
You don't need to raise your hand. Scott.
Sorry. I just have one question.
Who are you who is she what the hell's
going on and can I go back to jail now?
Come with me.
Twenty years ago I created a formula
that altered atomic relative distance.
Huh?
I learned how to change the distance
between atoms. that's what powers the suit.
that's why it works.
Wow!
- Whoa.
- It was dangerous.
It was too dangerous.
So I hid it from the world.
And that's when I switched gears
and I started my own company.
Pym Tech.
Yes.
I took on a young protege
called Darren Cross.
Darren Cross.
He's a big deal.
But before he was a big deal
he was my assistant.
I thought I saw something in him.
a son I never had perhaps.
He was brilliant. but as we became
close he began to suspect
that I wasn't telling him everything.
He heard rumors about what
was called the Pym Particles.
and he became obsessed with
recreating my formula.
But I wouldn't help him so he
conspired against me and
he voted me out of my own company.
How could he do that?
The board's chairman
is my daughter. Hope.
She was the deciding vote.
But she came back to me when she saw
how close Cross was to cracking my formula.
The process is highly volatile.
What isn't protected by a specialized helmet
can affect the brain's chemistry.
I don't think Darren realizes this. and y'know.
he's not the most stable guy to begin with.
So. what do you want from me?
Scott. I believe that everyone
deserves a shot at redemption.
Do you?
I do.
If you can help me. I promise I can
help you be with your daughter again.
Now are you ready to redeem yourself?
Absolutely.
My days of breaking into places
and stealing shit are done.
What do you want me to do?
I want you to break into a
place and steal some shit.
You going to be home for dinner tonight?
Uh. yeah.
I'll pick something up. okay?
Okay.
Good news?
Uh. I don't know.
It's news.
Are you trying to find my daddy?
Yeah. I am. sweetheart.
I just want your
daddy to be safe.
Hope you don't catch him.
This isn't the first time these guys
have tried to get their hands
on game changing weaponry.
That's Mitchell Carson.
ex-head of defense at SHIELD.
presently in the business
of toppling governments.
He always wanted my tech.
And now. unless we break in
and steal the Yellowjacket
and destroy all the data.
Darren Cross is gonna unleash
chaos upon the world.
I think our first move should
be calling the Avengers.
I've spent half my life trying to keep this
technology out of the hands of a Stark.
I'm sure as hell not going to
hand-deliver it to one now.
This is not some cute technology
like the Iron Man suit.
This could change the texture of reality.
Besides they're probably too busy
dropping cities out of the sky.
Okay. then why don't you just send the ants?
Scott. they are ants.
Ants. they can do a lot of things.
but they still need a leader.
Somebody that can infiltrate a place
that's designed to prevent infiltration.
Hank. I'm a thief.
All right. I'm a good thief.
But this is insane.
He's right Hank and you know it.
You've seen the footage.
you know what Cross is capable of.
I was against using him when we had
months. now we have days.
I'm wearing the suit.
Absolutely not!
I know the facility inside and out.
I know how Cross thinks.
I know this mission better
than anybody here.
We need you close to Cross
otherwise this mission cannot work.
- We don't have time to screw around.
- Hope. please. this is an [?].
He is a criminal.
I'm your daughter.
NO!
She's right. Hank.
I'm not your guy.
Why don't you wear the suit?
You think I don't want to?
I can't.
I spent years wearing it.
It took a toll on me.
You're our only option.
Before Hope lost her mother.
she used to look at me like
I was the greatest man in the world.
And now she looks at me
and it's just disappointment.
It's too late for me.
But not for you.
This is your chance.
The chance to earn that look
in your daughter's eyes.
To become the hero that she
already thinks you are.
It's not about saving our world.
It's about saving theirs.
Damn. that was a good speech.
Scott.
I need you
to be the Ant-Man.
In the right hands. the relationship
between man and suit is symbiotic.
The suit has power. the man
harnesses that power.
You need to be skillful.
agile. and above all.
you need to be fast.
You should be able to shrink
and grow on a dime. so
your size always suits your needs.
Now dive through the keyhole. Scott.
You charge big.
you dive small.
then you emerge big.
Ow!
Ah!
Ow.
Useless.
When you're small energy is compressed
so you have the force of a 200 pound man
behind a fist a 100th of an inch wide
you're like a bullet.
You punch too hard.
you kill someone.
too soft. it's a love-tap.
In other words you have
to know how to punch.
I was in prison for three years.
I know how to punch.
Show me.
- Terrible.
- You want to show me how to punch?
Show me-
That's how you punch.
- She's been looking forward to this.
- No kiddin'.
Hope trained in martial arts
at a. uh. difficult time.
Oh. by difficult time. he
means when my mother died.
We lost her in a plane crash.
It's bad enough you won't tell me how she died.
could you please stop telling me that lie.
We're working here.
All right princess.
let's get back to work.
Were you going for the hand?
You know. I think this regulator
is holding me back.
Do not screw with the regulator.
If that regulator is compromised
you would go sub-atomic.
What does that mean?
It means that you would
enter a quantum realm.
What does that mean?
It means that you would enter a reality
where all concepts of time and space
become irrelevant as you
shrink for all eternity.
Everything that you know.
and love.
gone forever.
Cool. Yeah. I'm-
If it ain't broke.
You've learned about the suit. but you've
yet to learn about your greatest allies
the ants.
Loyal. brave. and
your partners on this job.
Paratrechina longicornis.
commonly known as crazy ants.
they're lightning fast and can conduct
electricity which makes them useful
to fry out enemy electronics.
Oh you're not so crazy.
Hey!  Heh heh heh
You're cute.
Oh! Aaah!
That was a lot scarier
a second ago.
Aaah!
It looks like the Futures lab has
its own isolated power supply.
There's a security guard posted
around the clock. we need you
to take him out to deactivate
the security systems.
Okay.
Who's next?
Paraponera clavata.
I know. Bullet ants. right?
Number one on the Schmidt pain index.
Hey guys!
Remember me from the bedroom?
Whoa!
The Yellowjacket pod is hermetically sealed
and the only access point is a tube
we estimate to be about 5 millimeters in diameter.
Why do I have a sick feeling in my stomach?
The tube is protected by a laser grid
and we can only power that down
for fifteen seconds.
You're going to need to signal the crazy ants
to blow the servers. retrieve the suit.
and exit the vaults. before the backup power comes on.
Camponotus pennsylvanicus.
Alternatively known as a carpenter ant.
Ideal for ground and air transport.
Wait a minute. I know this guy.
I'm going to call him Antony.
That's good. that's. that's very good
because this time
you're really going to have
to learn how to control him.
Tell them to put the sugar in the teacup.
Oh. you okay Dr.-
Ah!
Ah!!
Hank wants you outside
for target practice.
The suit has no weapons
so I made you these discs.
Red shrinks.
Blue enlarges.
Solenopsis mandibularis.
Known for their bite. the fire ants
have evolved into remarkable architects.
They are handy to get you
in and out of difficult places.
You can do it Scott. come on.
They're not listening to me.
You have to commit.
you have to mean it.
No shortcuts. no lies.
Throwing insults into the mix will not
do anyone any good. Hope.
We don't have time for coddling.
Our focus should be on helping Scott.
Really?
Is that where our focus should be?
Hope!
I don't know why I came
to you in the first place.
We can't do this without her.
Oh God.
You gotta lock your doors.
I mean. really.
There's some weird folks
in this neighborhood.
Do you think this is a joke?
Do you have any idea what
he's asking you to risk?
- You have a daughter.
- I'm doing this for her.
You know when my mother died
I didn't see him for two weeks?
He was in grief.
Yeah. so was I. and I was seven.
And he never came back. not
in any way that counted.
He just sent me off to boarding school.
You know. I thought.
with all that's at stake.
just maybe we might
have a chance at making peace.
But even now he still
wants to shut me out.
He doesn't want to shut you out.
- He trusts you.
- Then why are you here?
It proves that he loves you.
Hope. Look at me.
I'm expendable.
That's why I'm here.
You must've realized that by now.
I mean. that's why I'm
in the suit and you're not.
He'd rather lose than fight
than lose you.
Anyway.
You know. I didn't know you had a
daughter when I called the cops on you.
What's her name?
Cassie.
It's a pretty name.
You have to clear your mind. Scott.
You have to make your thoughts precise.
that's how it works.
Think about Cassie.
about how badly you want to see her.
and use that to focus.
Open your eyes and just think
about what you want the ants to do.
Good.
Your mother convinced me to let
her join me on my missions.
They called her the Wasp.
She was born to it.
And there's not a day that goes by
that I don't regret having said yes.
It was 1987.
Separatists had hijacked a
Soviet missile silo in Kursk
and launched an ICBM at the United States.
The only way to the internal mechanics
was through solid titanium.
I knew I had to shrink between the
molecules to disarm the missile.
but my regulator had sustained
too much damage.
Your mother. she didn't hesitate.
Janet! No!
She turned off her regulator
and went sub-atomic
to deactivate the bomb.
She was gone.
Your mom died a hero.
And I spent the next ten years
trying to learn all I could
about the quantum realm.
You were trying to bring her back.
But all I learned
was we know nothing.
It's not your fault.
She made her choice.
But why didn't you tell me this sooner?
I was trying to protect you.
I lost your mother.
I didn't mean to lose you too.
I'm sorry.
This is awesome.
It's awesome. Y'know.
You guys are breaking down walls.
you're healing.
It's important.
I ruined the moment didn't I.
Yes. you did. yes.
I'm going to make some tea.
Nailed it!
That's a good boy. Antony.
The final phase of your training
will be a stealth incursion.
It's freezing!
You couldn't make a simple flannel lining?
We must retrieve this prototype
of a signal decoy.
it's a device that I invented
from my SHIELD days.
We need it to counteract the transmission blockers
that Cross installed in the Futures vault.
It's currently collecting dust in one of
Howard Stark's old storage facilities
in upstate New York.
Should be a piece of cake.
You're over the target area.
Disengage. now. Scott.
Squadron A. go.
B. go.
C. go.
All right. Antony. please
don't drop me this time.
Ah. it feels like a big leap
from sugar cubes to this.
Stay calm.
Uh. guys. we might
have a problem.
Hank. didn't you say this
was some old warehouse?
It's not!
You son of a bitch!
Scott. get out of there.
Abort! Abort now.
No. it's okay. It doesn't
look like anyone's home.
Antony. get me to the roof.
He's gonna lose the suit.
He's gonna lose his life.
All right I'm on the roof
of the target building.
Somebody's home. Scott.
What's going on down there. Sam?
It's the Falcon!
I had a sensor trip but
I'm not seeing anything.
Wait a second.
Abort Scott. abort now.
It's okay.
He can't see me.
I can see you.
He can see me.
Hi. I'm Scott.
Did he just say "Hi I'm Scott?"
What are you doing here?
First off.
I'm a big fan.
'Preciate it. So who the hell are you?
I'm Ant-Man.
Ant-Man?
What. you haven't heard of me?
Nah. you wouldn't have heard of me.
You want to tell me what you want?
I was hoping I could grab a
piece of technology
just for a few days. and return it.
I need it to save the world.
You know how that is.
I know exactly how that is.
Located the breach.
Bringing him in.
Sorry about this.
What the hell are you doing?
Breach is an adult male who
has some sort of shrinking tech.
Sorry about that. sorry.
That's enough!
Antony. a little help.
I've lost visual.
He's inside my pack.
Sorry.
You seem like a really great guy.
It's really important to me that
Cap never finds out about this.
That was completely irresponsible
and dangerous.
You jeopardized everything.
You got it.
Well done.
Wait a minute.
Did you just compliment me?
He did. didn't he?
Kinda sounded like he did.
I was good. wasn't I?
Hey. how about the fact that I
fought an Avenger. and didn't die?
Now let's not dwell on the past.
We gotta finish our planning.
Don't mind him.
You did good.
Darren!
How the hell'd you get in here?
You left the front door open. Hank.
It's official. You're old.
The plans!
He will kill him.
Well to what do I owe this pleasure?
I have good news.
Really?
What's that?
Pym Tech.
the company you created.
is about to become one of the most
profitable operations in the world.
We're anticipating 15 billion
in sales tomorrow alone.
You're welcome.
I know this is odd. but
I'd like you to be there.
This is my moment.
I want you to see it.
Sure. Darren. Yeah. sure.
I'll be there.
What did you see in me?
I don't know what you mean.
All those years ago.
you picked me.
What did you see?
I saw myself.
Then why did you push me away?
Because I saw too much of myself.
He knows. he's baiting you.
We have to call it off.
We're all taking risks.
What if he saw me here?
He didn't. There's no way.
How do you know that?
Darren. hi.
Hope.
Where are you right now?
I'm at home. why?
I just saw Hank.
I still get nothing but
contempt from him.
Don't let him rile you up. he's just...
he's a senile old man.
We need to start everyone
working around the clock.
get the assembly line up and running.
And I'm tripling security.
Full sensors at all entrances. and
exterior air vents fitted with steel micro mesh.
Great. Good idea.
Thank you. hope.
I'm so lucky to have you on my team.
He's tripling security. he's lost his mind.
and he's on to you.
But he's not on to you.
He's adding full body scanners to all
entrances and closing exterior vents.
How are we gonna get Scott inside?
The water main.
You can't add security to a water main.
The pressure is too strong. but if
we can decrease it. that's how I get in.
Somebody would have to reach the building's
control center to change the water pressure.
I mean. Hank and I will be beside Cross.
how are we supposed to do that?
So we expand our team.
What do we need?
A fake security guard on the inside
to depressurize the water system.
somebody else to hack into the power supply
and kill the laser grid.
and a getaway guy.
No. no. No. no no.
Not those three wombats. No way.
Thank you for the coffee ma'am.
It's not too often that you rob a place.
and then get welcomed back.
Because we just robbed you!
You know that he was arrested for
stealing a smoothie machine. right?
Two smoothie machines.
Are you sure they can handle this?
Oh we can handle it.
We're professionals.
You'll forgive us if we're
not instilled with confidence.
Wait. everybody. just kick back
and relax a little bit. man.
we know our business.
We broke into this spooky-ass
house. didn't we?
I let you.
Well. one could say
that I let you let me.
Look. it's okay.
They can handle this.
Yeah. we can handle it.
You got their credentials?
He's in the system.
I'm in the system?
The system!
The system?
Yeah. We're doomed.
All right. there's something
you guys need to see.
When you get to this corner. there's
gonna be three offices on your left side.
Damn!
Whoa! That's so cool. bro!
Now look.
this is gonna get weird. all right.
It's pretty freaky but it's safe.
There's no reason to be scared.
Aw. no no daddy don't get scared.
Really?
Yeah.
Good.
Oh!
This is the work of the gypsies.
That's. that's. that's witchcraft.
Oh. that's amazing.
That's like some David Copperfield shit.
- That's some kind of wizardry.
- Sorcery!
How'd you do that bro?
Don't freak out. Look at your shoulder.
Ahh!!  Ahh!!!
I thought daddy didn't get scared?
I gave them each half a Xanax and
Hank explained the science of the suit to them.
Fell right asleep.
Hey. look. I want to thank you for-
No. please don't.
We're all doing this for reasons
much bigger than any one of us.
I'm just glad that you might have a
slight chance of maybe pulling this off.
Hey. Thank you. you know.
for that pep talk.
You know. the honest truth is I actually went
from despising you to almost liking you.
You really should write poetry.
Get some sleep Scott.
All right. just so we're clear. everyone
here knows their role. right?
Dave?
Wheels on the ground.
Kurt?
Eyes in the sky.
Luis?
Aw. man. you know it. you know
what. I get to wear a uniform.
that's what's up.
Luis.
I'm sorry. I mean. I'm good. I'm good.
I'm just excited. and plus
you're girlfriend's really hot. so
you know that makes me nervous too.
and you are very beautiful ma'am.
Oh my lord.
She's not my-
Hey. you know what. I was thinking of
a tactic. like when I go undercover.
like a whistling. y'know I' saying.
to like. blend in.
No. Don't whistle.
No whistling. it's not the
Andy Griffith Show.
No whistling.
All clear sector one.
Step up.
All clear.
We're set.
Wish me luck.
Dude. is online.
(whistling "It's a Small World")
Hey. What are you doing?
Uh. boss-man said to secure the
area. so. I'm securing.
I'm the boss.
Oh!
Utilities work room 3-
Water level is dropping.
Whoa!
Coming up on extraction pipe.
I see it!
All right. come on. I gotta get up there.
that's it. that's it guys. yeah!
That's it. yeah...
Yes! You got it!
You got it. come on!
All right. let's fly Antony.
The Ant-Man is in the building.
Pym's pulling up. right on time.
Pshhh. Got a Crown Vic right outside a'heah.
This is problem?
Considering the Crown Vic's the most commonly
used car for under-cover cops. man.
yes. this is a problem.
It's Pym.
Oh. no.
I'm employing the bullet ants.
Hapanera-clamda-mana-merna.
I don't remember what it's called
but I feel bad for this guy.
Ow! Ow!!
See. that's what I'm talkin' bout. that's
what I call it. an unfortunate casualty.
in a very serious operation.
Signal decoy in place.
Mean pretty lady did good. Scott.
Looks like Pym's getting arrested.
Scott. we have problem.
Problem? What's the problem?
Dave! Dave. that's not
part of plan!
Listen to me.
If I don't get into this
building people will die.
That's awfully dramatic.
Are you kidding me?
Ha ha ha!
Problem solved.
Well.
How do I look?
There he is.
Just in time.
Come on.
Twelve point verification.
Little over the top.
don't you think Darren?
Confirming authorization.
No you can never be too safe.
Access granted.
I want to hand it to you.
Darren. you really did it.
And you only know
the half of it. Hank.
Arriving at second position.
All right. top speed. Antony.
Let's go.
Proceeding to command position.
I'll be right back Antony.
All right guys.
I'm in position.
I'm going to signal the ants.
No no nooo.
Did you see that?
Ha ha ha. ha ha!
(musical horn)
Assume formation.
All right you cute little crazies.
let's fry these servers.
Let's go get it buddy!
Whoo-haa!
Servers are fried.
Data backup completely erased.
Headed to the particle chamber.
Hello Dr. Cross.
My associates agree to your terms.
Wonderful.
Mr. Carson introduced me to
these fine gentlemen here.
they're representatives of Hydra.
They're not what they were.
They're doing some interesting work.
And I'm enjoying myself.
You tried to hide your technology from me.
and now it's going to blow up in your face.
Wow.
Wow!
I mean. I saw the punch
coming a mile away
but I just figured it'd be
all pathetic and weak.
Well you figured wrong.
I know this van.
Anybody home?
- Shh.
-Shh!
-Shh!!
All right guys I'm here.
Setting the charges.
Great job guys.
I'll take it from here.
Good boy Antony.
Final position.
Guys? How we lookin'
on that laser grid?
- Almost!
- No you're not.
- I'm getting close!
San Francisco PD!
Man in the van!
I know you're in there!
- Make it go faster.
- Don't. Seriously.
Ready to jump.
Do you read Kurt?
So close.
- Freeze!
- Okay. wait a minute wait a minute.
there was a black guy that looked exactly like me
who attacked us and put us in the back
of this disgusting van.
- Get out.
- Take it easy!
Go! Go now!
- Wait!
- What? What d'you mean wait?
What? What?
Hello guy.
Heh heh heh heh heh.
Oh sh- Gah!
I always suspected you had a
suit stored away somewhere.
which begs the question.
who is the new Ant-Man?
Who is the man that my beloved
mentor trusted even more than me?
Scott Lang.
The martyr.
He took on the system
and paid the price.
losing his family and his only
daughter in the process.
exactly your kind of guy. Hank.
He escapes his jail cell without
leaving any clue as to how.
and then.
he disappears magically.
despite having no money to his name.
and now he brings me the Ant-Man suit.
the only thing that can rival my creation.
Darren. don't do this.
If you sell to these men.
it's going to be chaos.
I already have. and for twice
the price. thanks to you.
It's not easy to successfully
infiltrate an Avengers facility.
Thankfully. word travels fast.
Oh I'll sell them the Yellowjacket but
I'm keeping the particle to myself.
They don't run on diesel.
If you want the fuel you'll
have to come to me.
What do you call the only man who can arm
the most powerful weapon in the world?
The most powerful man in the world.
You proud of me yet?
You can stop this. Darren.
It's not too late.
It's been too late for
a long time now.
Darren.
What are you doing?
He wasn't any more capable of
caring for you than he was for me.
This is not who you are. It's the
particles altering your brain chemistry.
Wait. wait wait wait wait wait wait.
You're right.
I have to be the one to do it.
Here we go.
Drop. Your. Gun.
You know I came to the house
the other night to kill him
but you were there.
You're sick and I can help you
just put the gun down.
I wasn't ready to kill you then.
But I think I am now.
Drop your gun now!
You picked the wrong side. Hope.
Dad!
Hank. No. no. Hank.
Hank. Listen. you're gonna be okay.
All right. you're gonna be just fine.
Take the suit off or I'll blow
your brains out and peel it off.
We got a 10-33 at Pym Tech.
request immediate backup.
Go. go. go.
Get me to the roof
and radio ahead.
I want to make sure the
helicopter's ready to take off.
You two. kill anything that
comes out of that vault.
Dad.
can you move?
Yes.
We need to get him out of here.
Go. Get. That suit.
Hey Scotty.
Hey did I save your life?
Scotty?
Thank you Luis.
Hey are we the good guys?
- Yeah.
- We're the good guys right?
Yeah. we're the good guys.
Feels kinda. kinda weird. y'know.
Yeah. But we're not done yet.
Get outta here before
this place blows.
Oh. dammit!
That guy.
Hey! We're getting out of here.
The charges are set. We've got
to find a way out of here and fast.
Don't worry.
I'm not going to die.
And neither are you.
It's not a keychain.
All the chaos in hand.
Multiple shots fired.
And there's a tank.
A little help.
I got him.
We need a doctor.
(musical horn)
Let's go!
Antony!
Go!
You're going to regret that.
Wait a minute.
Get out of that van.
- What?
- Get out of that van.
Too loud there's a tank
I can't hear you.
Hey! Hey!
Are you crazy?
Put the gun down!
The window!
Did you think you could
stop the future with a heist?
It was never just a heist.
Put the gun down.
I got him. I got him.
there he is. go go go go
Got to set her down somewhere.
I'm gonna disintegrate you!
Playing "Disintegration" by The Cure.
Call 911!
It's okay.
Police! Put your hands up.
Get 'em up.
Scott?
Paxton.
You have to listen to me-
Paxton. Turn around. take me back.
I am taking you back. To prison.
There's something in that backyard
that needs to be destroyed.
In the bug zapper. it-
You need to desist right now!
Your delusions are out of hand!
All units we have a 236
in progress at 840 Winter Street.
It's Cassie!
Don't be scared.
Paxton let me help.
- Don't move.
- Let me help!
Maggie. what's going on?
- He's got Cassie!
- Who's got Cassie?
That thing. that thing. I don't know what it...!
Are you a monster?
Do I look like a monster?
I want my daddy.
I want your daddy too.
Aaaaah!
There you are.
Daddy. is that you?
Hi Peanut.
Why don't you pick on
someone your own size?
Now where'd you go. little guy?
There you are.
Ha ha ha ha.
Not just me.
Get him!
Go! Go!
Scotty needs us. y'know I' sayin'.
Ain't nothin' gonna stop us.
- Back it up. Back it up slow.
- Yeah.
- Back it up.
- Yep. yep.
- Okay.
All we gonna do is. we j-.
- we just back it up.
- Right. that's it.
- Back it up.
- That's right.
- Backin' up?
- Yep.
- Just back it. b-b-b- back it up.
You insult me. Scott.
Your very existence is
insulting to me.
Y'know it would be much easier
to hit you if you were bigger.
Yeah. I agree.
Cassie!
Let me show you just how
insignificant you are.
Cassie. I'm coming!
Waaaah!
That's a messed-up looking dog.
I'm going to destroy everything you love.
Freeze! S.F.P.D.!
I can't break through.
It's titanium. you idiot.
Get her out of here.
Come on.
Sorry sweetheart.
You have to help daddy
pay for his mistakes.
- You stay behind me. okay?
- Okay.
Behind me.
I'm going to have to shrink between
the molecules to get in there.
Get away from us!
Daddy. help!
I love you Cassie.
Aaaaaaah!!!!
Daddy where are you?
...go sub-atomic...
Oh no.
You would enter a reality where
all concepts of time and space (echos)
become irrelevant. (echos continue)
And as you shrink...
for all eternity...
everything that you know...
and love...
gone forever.
(Cassie's voice echos)
Daddy!
Cassie!
Come on daddy.
Do not mess with the regulator.
Daddy!
I love you so much.
I love you too.
So much.
Ahem.
There's a big hole in the roof.
Sorry.
Is she all right?
She's fine.
Mommy.
She's fine. she's fine.
Scott. please.
You don't remember anything?
Hank. I. I don't.
There must be something else.
Well I suppose the human mind just
can't comprehend the experience. but
you made it.
You went in
and you got out.
It's amazing.
Scott.
I'll walk you out.
Get some rest.
Can it possibly...?
When did this happen?
Nothing's happening.
Well hold on.
Something's kind of happening.
Well if that's the case. uh.
shoot me again.
Yeah. I don't know what you're doing
grabbing me and kissing me like that.
I was a little surprised myself.
I have to get somewhere.
I'll see you later Hank.
Really. Hope.
- Scott.
- Yeah.
- You're full of shit.
- Oh yeah.
Well Scott I met with my Captain today.
He wanted a report of the
night you got out of jail.
Something happened with the cameras. and
circuits got fried. and...
But I told him you were
processed correctly.
Really?
Well yeah.
Can't be sending Cassie's dad back
to jail on a technical glitch. right?
Thank you Paxton.
I'm blown away.
Thank you for everything you do for Cassie.
Oh well. that's my pleasure.
But no. no this one. I.
I did it for you.
This is awkward.
- Yeah.
I mean what do we even
talk about after all that?
- Oh I know.
- What?
- I did my first cartwheel today.
Yeah. She has been practicing all
week. but today was the magic day.
I recorded it on my phone here.
No. that can't be Cassie.
That's not you.
- Yeah it is.
This is a professional gymnast.
there's no way that's her.
Yeah. that's her.
Good boy.
Sweetie that's pretty amazing. Peanut.
Sorry.
It's work.
Yeah?
All right.
Here's the deal.
Just give me the facts.
Just the facts. only the facts.
Breathe. Focus.
Keep it simple.
No no no.
no doubt. no doubt.
Okay. so I'm at this art museum
with my cousin Ignacio. right?
And there was this. like. abstract expressionism
exhibit. and you know me. I'm more like
a Neo-cubist kind of guy. right?
But there was this one Rothko that
was sublime. bro. oh my God-
Luis.
Okay sorry sorry I'm j- y'know
uh. I just get excited and stuff.
But anyway. anyway.
Ignacio tells me:
Yo. I met this crazy fine writer chick
at the spot last night. like.
fine. fine. crazy stupid fine.
And he goes up to the bartender and goes:
Look at the girl I'm with?
Y'know I' sayin'
She's crazy stupid fine right?
And the bartender's all like:
Yeah. crazy stupid fine.
So this writer chick tells Ignacio:
Yo. I'm like a boss in the world of
guerrilla journalism. and I got mad connects
with the peeps behind the curtains. y'know I' sayin?
Ignacio's like: For real?
And she's like: Yeah. You know what. I
can't tell you who my contact is. because
he works with the Avengers.
Oh no.
Yeah. this dude sounds like a bad-ass. man.
Like he comes up to him and he says. y'know:
I'm looking for this dude who's mo' unseen
who's flashing this fresh tat. who's got. like.
bomb moves. right? Who you got?
And she's like: Well. we got everything
nowadays. we got a guy who jumps.
we got a guy who swings. we got
a guy who crawls up the walls.
you gotta be more specific.
And he's like: I'm looking for a guy who shrinks.
And I'm like: Daaamn!
I got all nervous 'cause
I keep mad secrets
for you. bro.
So I asked Ignacio:
Did bad-ass
tell the stupid fine writer chick
to tell you to tell me
because I'm tight with that man
that he's looking for him?
And?
What'd he say?
He said yes.